Assignment#08 JS (03)

Dear Students / Brothers.
Web & Mobile Application Development Batch 06 Section-A



Instructions:

1- Declare a variable called myVar and assign it the value of 5. Then, using the console.log function, print the value of myVar to the console.

2- Declare a variable called myString and assign it the value of "Hello, world!". Then, using the alert function, display the value of myString in an alert box.

3- Declare two variables called num1 and num2, and assign them the values of 5 and 10, respectively. Using the prompt function, ask the user to enter a number, and store the result in a variable called userNum. Then, using the console.log function, print the sum of num1, num2, and userNum to the console.

4- Declare a variable called myBoolean and assign it the value of true. Using an if statement, check if myBoolean is true, and if so, use the console.log function to print "It's true!" to the console. Otherwise, print "It's false!" to the console.

5- Use an if/else statement to check if a number is even or odd. If the number is even, log "even" to the console. If the number is odd, log "odd" to the console.

6- Use the + operator to concatenate two strings together. Then, log the result to the console.

7- Use the * operator to multiply two numbers together. Then, log the result to the console.

8- Write a program that takes a string from the user using prompt and checks if it's equal to "password". If it is, display an alert saying "Access granted", otherwise display an alert saying "Access denied".

9- Write a program that takes three numbers as input and returns the largest of those three numbers.

10 -Write a program that takes two strings from the user using prompt and checks if they are equal. If they are, display an alert saying "The strings are equal", otherwise display an alert saying "The strings are not equal".




Requirements:

1-Please Follow the Obove Instructions
2-Upload your Code to Google Drive and Github.
3-Please deploy into surge, vercel and create online link
4-Submit the assignment at link below



Deadline: 20/02/2023

Submit:  https://forms.gle/sfq7n4Z1jwYVjFL88

Best Of Luck 🤞 
